# StopSafe

Stop Safe is a project developed by Tracy Derraco, Theodore Ayoub,
Jerry Trueba, Shagoofa Akbari, Jinsa Sameer and Ana Belmontes. The
purpose of the project was to create a new app to reinvent the
interaction between members of police and the public when it came to
citations.


It is meant to help both parties save, edit and share critical and
necessary information for the procedure through the use of QR codes,
and the ability to share these either in person or potentially in the
near future through Near Field Communication (NFC).


The purpose of this is to limit the amount of time the interaction
takes between officer and driver as well as provide the necessary
information without having to look through documents and files and
searching for it in their cars. The social climate these past few
years has brought to light the many missed opportunities for us as
citizens to update how our interactions with police go, as it is a
part of our day to day life when driving and society as a whole is
supposed to rely on/depend on them for peace and justice. But because
change happens one step at a time, we started with the most basic and
yet the most common of all police interactions and that is the
citation.


The way the app functions varies between Officer and Driver, and since
we are so keen on one-step-at-a-time types of projects, we started on
the officers profile side.


In terms of installation the app will only be available through a
direct link provided by the local police department using the
Stop-Safe system. This will then lead them to the log-in/create
account page you will see attached.

In order to create their profile, they will need to provide basic info
as well as their badge number and supervisor name. This aspect was
intended to be held accountable and have a set chain of command.

Once everything is set up they are now active on the app, and when
sharing their information with a public citizen they will be sharing
specific information that is considered public and helps citizens if
and when they choose to file a complaint or contest a citation.


## Technologies Used

JavaScript,

HTML/CSS,

MERN Stack,

Deployment link:  https://vast-island-48698.herokuapp.com/

##Screeenshots of the deployment
![Screenshot (156)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101385521/189800022-daa2e3e4-935d-421c-aca6-1b3f88eea761.png)

![Screenshot (179)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101385521/189800317-c31833b7-d2d3-4378-8d41-47ef3b7c64e8.png)

![Screenshot (181)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101385521/189800895-d22be190-e6ff-41ab-8b3b-9e93e0a10923.png)

##Questions

jerrytrueba10@gmail.com,

shogoofa.musket@gmail.com,

ecert31@gmail.com,

jinsajaleel@gmail.com,

anlubelni@gmail.com,

theodore.ayoub@gmail.com








